README.md, before:

# Rust Programming By Example
This is the code repository for [Rust Programming By Example](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/rust-programming-example?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_campaign=9781788390637), published by [Packt](https://www.packtpub.com/?utm_source=github). It contains all the supporting project files necessary to work through the book from start to finish.
## About the Book
Rust is an open source, safe, concurrent, practical language created by Mozilla. It runs blazingly fast, prevents segfaults, and guarantees safety. This book gets you started with essential software development by guiding you through the different aspects of Rust programming. With this approach, you can bridge the gap between learning and implementing immediately.
## Instructions and Navigation
All of the code is organized into folders. Each folder starts with a number followed by the application name. For example, Chapter02.

All the code files are placed in their respective code folders.

The code will look like the following:
```
    html, body, #map {
     height: 100%;
     margin: 0;
     padding: 0
   }
```

There isn't much that you require. Besides, Rust is well supported on any operating system. Linux is the best-supported operating system here. You can also use Rust on Windows and macOS as well, you'll need a fairly recent computer; a gigabyte of RAM should be enough for the purposes of this book.

## Related Products
* [RUST Design Patterns and Best Practices](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/rust-design-patterns-and-best-practices?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_campaign=9781788833370)

* [Rust Blueprints](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/rust-blueprints?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_campaign=9781788473835)

* [Network Programming with Rust](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/network-programming-rust?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_campaign=9781788624893)

Commit message:

Add `License` section to the README

README.md, after:

# Rust Programming By Example
This is the code repository for [Rust Programming By Example](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/rust-programming-example?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_campaign=9781788390637), published by [Packt](https://www.packtpub.com/?utm_source=github). It contains all the supporting project files necessary to work through the book from start to finish.
## License
Among the other mistakes, the authors forgot to put a license (see [issue](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Rust-Programming-By-Example/issues/3)). It's therefore not clear what license this fork should have.

In absence of any information, this fork has "the same license as the original repository".
## About the Book
Rust is an open source, safe, concurrent, practical language created by Mozilla. It runs blazingly fast, prevents segfaults, and guarantees safety. This book gets you started with essential software development by guiding you through the different aspects of Rust programming. With this approach, you can bridge the gap between learning and implementing immediately.
## Instructions and Navigation
All of the code is organized into folders. Each folder starts with a number followed by the application name. For example, Chapter02.

All the code files are placed in their respective code folders.

The code will look like the following:
```
    html, body, #map {
     height: 100%;
     margin: 0;
     padding: 0
   }
```

There isn't much that you require. Besides, Rust is well supported on any operating system. Linux is the best-supported operating system here. You can also use Rust on Windows and macOS as well, you'll need a fairly recent computer; a gigabyte of RAM should be enough for the purposes of this book.

## Related Products
* [RUST Design Patterns and Best Practices](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/rust-design-patterns-and-best-practices?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_campaign=9781788833370)

* [Rust Blueprints](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/rust-blueprints?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_campaign=9781788473835)

* [Network Programming with Rust](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/network-programming-rust?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_campaign=9781788624893)
